# Test Datasets

The following set of scripts contain two test datasets that can be used for debugging, diagnostic testing, and feature development. The two toy models are:

*  **Gaussian/Cammel Function:** 3-dimensional dataset [x,y,z] in which each dimension samples a Gaussian ($%mu = 0.0$, $%sigma - 1.0$) for the nominal MC, or a cammel function for the alternative MC. The alternative MC, or cammel function, however can be constructed in one of two modes: `"pos"` or `"neg"`. The former constructs the cammel function from a guassian mixture model of two gaussians separated by a distance of `0.9` between the means. The latter constructs the cammel function via adding a `neg`gative weighted set of events sampled from a gaussian function with smaller mean and width as the nominal case. 

*  **3-body decay:** Three body decay example in which a massive particle of mass `M=100 GeV` decays into three particles of mass $m_{1,2,3}= 10$ GeV. However, two matrix elements exist, either direct decay, or a intermediate state in which particles 1+2 are generated by a resonance of mass `M*`. 

## Gaussian -> Cammel Function:

To generate the data please use `Toymodel/CammelFunction/GenData.py`. To execute one will need `ROOT` installed with PyRoot enabled. To execute please run:

```bash
python3 CammelFunction/GenData.py 
--MC         <"Nominal", "Alt"> 
--CammelType <"pos", "neg"> 
--nEvents    <number of events>
```

## 3-body decay:

Generating the 3-body decay data will require `ROOT`to be installed and python enabled compatibility for PyROOT compatibility. Following this, please also install the normal CARL-Torch environment on the main page, and activate the CARL python3 virtual environment. Executing the generation is then as simple as:

```bash
python3 ThreeBodyDecay/ThreeBodyDecayGen.py
```